weekly refelction 9.27.13
1. I dont think i have enough reserach experience to really reflect on the topic. Obviously the result needs to be able to be reproduced to have credibility,
   but to what extend is it become too much? How much error can we tolerate before it becomes a burden? FOr example, the FAA requires all the 
   air plain to have the same cpu/software bindin. How much infrastructure is created to reduce the potential of crashing when its already pretty low? 
   are we really better off to spend this much resources to get that extra perk? would it be economically better off to allow for a larger marigin of error if we are 
   doing some sort of cost benefit analysis. And for science in general. I think that too much attention to this reprocibility idea is slowing down the pace of technology advancement.
   Just look at how far we have come before we really focus on reproducibility and similar idea. I guess reproducibility provides a consistent platform
   across the team when colaborating, which is pretty cool. How about generalization on the result tho? If one can only provide the same result under some strict condition, then how can 
   we generalized this result. since the world is kinda not in a stable environment? 
2. general thoughts on the class: this is going too slow. We are 5 weeks in and we have not learned anything. Even the idea of reproducing, we have not learned that yet.
   We spent like 8 class period configuring software and talking about team work, but these are just some abstract idea and its all talk. There is no concrete process at all.
   Werent we suppose to be doing things with sesmetic reserach? Nothing we have done that has contribute to the goal. Also, we do have guide lines and step by steps on the set up, but somehow 
   no one knows how to ste up the software. There is a thing called google..its not that hard. 
   
3. Just saw the course map. It is very exciting and there are a lot of things I would like to learn. Hopefully we can get the class finally started. 
